# Information Adversity

Quick and easy web tool for calculating information adversity, for the experimental framework developed in 
[_Plato's Puppeteer: Interface Design and User Welfare_](http://noncomputable.github.io/plato.html).

You can use it live [here](http://noncomputable.github.io/Information-Adversity/).

Given data from a choice experiment like described in _Plato's Puppeteer_, 
it'll calculate the individual and aggregate information adversity and dump it to a CSV file.

Data should be provided as three CSV files. The examples below are what I could easily type up, the size & balance of your data will probably be very different if you want the results to be useful.

1. Product data. The columns are distinct substitute sets and rows are the qualities of distinct products. The row number is taken to be the ID of the product in its set:

| Charger | Fire Hose | Pen |
|:-------:|:---------:|:---:|
|    1    |     2     |  2  |
|    2    |     3     |  5  |
|    3    |     7     |  1  |
|    4    |           |  9  |
|    5    |           |     |

2. Choice data. The columns are distinct substitute sets and rows are semicolon-separated IDs of the products each user nominates. The row number is taken to be the ID of the user whose choice data it is:

| Charger | Fire Hose | Pen |
|:-------:|:---------:|:---:|
|   3;2   |     1     |  4  |
|  2;7;3  |     2     | 4;3 |
|    5    |    1;2    |  4  |

3. Interface data. The columns are distinct interfaces. Each has one row: a semicolon-separated list of the IDs of users assigned to it.

| Feature A | Feature B |
|:---------:|:---------:|
|     2     |    0;1    |

In the CSV file generated by the script, the columns are distinct interfaces and the rows are the information adversities of users for the respective interfaces. The row number is taken to be the ID of the user whose information adversity it is. The last row in each column is the aggregate information adversity for each interface.

|      Feature A     |      Feature B      |
|:------------------:|:-------------------:|
|                    |        0.125        |
|                    | 0.40277777777777773 |
| 0.3333333333333333 | 0.26388888888888884 |
| 0.3333333333333333 |                     |
